README.md, before:

# Scorecard Downloader

# Scorecard Downloader

A tool to download and process OpenSSF Scorecard data for GitHub repositories.

## Overview

Scorecard Downloader is a command-line tool that allows you to download and process OpenSSF Scorecard data for specified GitHub repositories. It can handle multiple repositories at once and saves the results in a zip file.

## Installation

```bash
go get github.com/bitbomdev/scorecard-downloader
```

## Usage

```bash
scorecard-downloader [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]
```

### Global Options

- `--purls value`: PURLs of the repositories to process (can be specified multiple times)
- `--purls-file value`: File containing PURLs, one per line
- `--output value`: Output zip file name (default: "results.zip")
- `--help, -h`: Show help

### Examples

Process repositories specified directly:

```bash
scorecard-downloader --purls pkg:github/kubernetes/kubernetes --purls pkg:github/golang/go
```

Process repositories from a file:

```bash
scorecard-downloader --purls-file repos.txt
```

Specify custom output file:

```bash
scorecard-downloader --purls pkg:github/kubernetes/kubernetes --output custom_results.zip
```

## Input Format

The tool accepts Package URLs (PURLs) as input. PURLs should be in the format:

```
pkg:github/<owner>/<repo>
```

When using the `--purls-file` option, each PURL should be on a separate line in the file.

## Output

The tool saves the processed Scorecard data in a zip file. By default, the output file is named `results.zip`, but you can specify a custom name using the `--output` option.

Commit message:

BigQuery Enhancements
Multi-Repository Support: The GetScorecardData function in bigquery/bigquery.go
has been updated to handle multiple repositories. This is achieved by passing a list of RepoInfo structs, allowing the function to fetch data for multiple repositories in a single query.

Credentials File Support: The function now requires a credentials file for authentication, enhancing security and flexibility in accessing BigQuery.

Dynamic Query Construction: The query construction logic has been improved to dynamically build the WHERE clause based on the number of repositories, making it more efficient and scalable.

Processor Improvements

Configuration Options: The Processor struct now includes fields for useBigQuery and credentialsFile, allowing users to configure how data is processed (either via BigQuery or an API).

Enhanced Result Mapping: The Process method has been updated to map results back to PURLs and include additional metadata such as GitHubURL and Date, providing more context and information in the results.

Command Line Interface (CLI) Updates

Output Flexibility: The CLI now supports outputting results to a specified file in JSON format, with pretty-printing for better readability. This replaces the previous zip output format.

New Flags: Two new flags, use-bigquery and credentials-file, have been introduced to allow users to specify whether to use BigQuery and to provide the path to the credentials file.

Utility Functions

JSON File Saving: A new utility function, SaveJSONToFile, has been added to save JSON data to a specified file, enhancing the flexibility of result handling.

Dependency Updates

New Dependencies: The go.mod and go.sum files have been updated to include new dependencies such as github.com/stretchr/testify and github.com/davecgh/go-spew, which may be used for testing and debugging purposes.

Signed-off-by: naveensrinivasan <172697+naveensrinivasan@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Scorecard Downloader

A tool to download and process OpenSSF Scorecard data for GitHub repositories.

## Overview

Scorecard Downloader is a command-line tool that allows you to download and process OpenSSF Scorecard data for specified GitHub repositories. It can handle multiple repositories at once and saves the results in a JSON file. The tool uses the deps.dev API to convert Package URLs (pURLs) to GitHub URLs before downloading the Scorecard data. It also supports using BigQuery to download the Scorecard data.

## Installation

```bash
go get github.com/bitbomdev/scorecard-downloader
```

## Usage

```bash
scorecard-downloader [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]
```

### Global Options

- `--purls value`: PURLs of the repositories to process (can be specified multiple times)
- `--purls-file value`: File containing PURLs, one per line
- `--output value`: Output file name (default: "results.json")
- `--use-bigquery`: Use BigQuery instead of the Scorecard API
- `--credentials-file value`: Path to the BigQuery credentials file
- `--help, -h`: Show help

### Examples

Process repositories specified directly:

```bash
scorecard-downloader --purls pkg:github/kubernetes/kubernetes --purls pkg:github/golang/go
```

Process repositories from a file:

```bash
scorecard-downloader --purls-file repos.txt
```

Specify custom output file:

```bash
scorecard-downloader --purls pkg:github/kubernetes/kubernetes --output custom_results.json
```

Use BigQuery with a credentials file:

```bash
scorecard-downloader --purls pkg:github/kubernetes/kubernetes --use-bigquery --credentials-file path/to/credentials.json
```

## Output

The tool saves the processed Scorecard data in a JSON file. By default, the output file is named `results.json`, but you can specify a custom name using the `--output` option.
